Paatal Lok is a Hindi crime thriller web television series which shows the story of Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary posted in Outer Jamuna Par police station, Delhi and how he unravels the truth behind a conspiracy to planned murder of Sanjeev Mehra, a prominent journalist in India.

During the series, we see many variations in the usage of language with different people in different situations.

1. In the opening of episode 1, Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary along with his junior Imran Ansari and other constables are going in police van and Hathi Ram is telling them that they are posted in the worst areas in Delhi where no interesting case arises. Imran is studying as he is preparing for interview to get promotion. So to get his attention, Hathi Ram says "Bas kar yaar."

2. In the whole series, Imran always calls Hathi as "Sir" and uses very clean and respectful language.

3. While pursuing 4 accused murderers in a car chase, DCP Bhagat Singh saw a news channel van on the scene and to warn his junior not to shoot the accused, he calls very slowly "Dahiya! Dahiya! Media hai!". Here Dahiya is the last name of the junior.

4. After catching the above 4 guys on a highway, people started gathering around the scene as DCP and his team were waiting for the local police to arrive. To control the crowd, the team was saying "Delhi Police! Chaliye peechhe hatiye."

5. When Hathi Ram comes with his team, then he introduces himself to the DCP whom he was meeting for the first time as "Jai Hind, Sir! Sir, Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary, Outer Jamuna Par Thaana." and then the DCP orders "Chaudhary, ye bheed ko control karo aur in chaaron ko arrest karne ka procedure shuru karo."

6. A constable whose last name was Tokas, was trying to get the names of the 4 arrested people but they were not telling, so he banged the heads of two of them together. Seeing this, their senior Imran came running and said "Tokas! Kya kar rahe ho tum Tokas! Sir log hain andar, bahar media hai, kya kar kya rahe ho!". To this Tokas replies, "Aise hi bulwana padta hai, Sir! Naam tak nahi bataya ab tak ******** ne!".

7. The SHO in the station was in tension about the case and Hathi Ram to calm him down said "Ho jayega Sir. Main sambhaal lunga."

8. Sanjeev Mehra(the target) and Jai Malik, his collegue, were talking about whether to accept the boss's offer or not. They were reffering each other by the first names:
Jai: "Its not just about the TRP Sanjeev. Singh ko kuchh aur bhi pata hai."

9. While Tokas was briefing Hathi about the arrested guys and Hathi notices that one of them is not holding a slate with his name on it, he said "Saab slate chhodiye ******* ne naam nahi bataya ab tak. Fingerprints bhi 9 hi diye hain."

10. While chasing a suspect on bike, Imran accidentaly hits a girl who was crossing the road while using her phone. This put a lot of pressure on Hathi due to which he got a little bit angry on Imran and said "Taariq ka ek photo pahunchao headquarters mein aur kuchh furit vruit lekar jao nursing home mein sorry bolne ke liye. Us ladki ke gharwalon ne ********* macha rakha hai media mein." When Imran justifies that the girl was at fault "Sir galti us ladki ki hai aur itni kuchh lagi bhi nahi hai use." very gently then Hathi says irritated "Dekh bhai! mera koi interview ya exam nahi ho rha hai. Saalon mein ek dhang ka case mila hai mujhe handle karne ke liye aur is gadbadi ke chakkar mein DCP saab kaeh rahe hain tu Chitrakoot chhod, yahan to theek se investigation karle. Main tere haath jodun hun, aage te koi gadbadi mat kario."

11. SHO came to know that Hathi was going to Chitrakoot investigation without informing him because he was now directly reporting to DCP Bhagat and thus was a bit angry. He said in a mocking sense "Theek hai Bhai! Headquarters ka order hai, kya kar sakte hain. Jao."
