The movie opens with a song, which is in a local U.P. dialect of Hindi. It focuses on the class difference between the rich people and the poor ones. The scene is set on a very rainy day, the poor villagers are all gathered at a single place, expressing their discontent at the current state of affairs or merely commenting on them. Although, this language will never be used again in the movie, it’s used here to connect the viewers to the plight of the local villagers, and using the local dialect somehow facilitates it.

Immediately after the song in local dialect, the next scene is the entry of the protagonist.
The entry of the protagonist is choreographed by the song “Blowin’ in the wind” by Bob Dylan,  playing as the background music, of course in English.
Additionally, he’s also listening to the news in English, texting his frie

Social hierarchy based on the cadre at the station.

Regional dialects are used sparingly, so as to connect to the villagers’ plight and simultaneously not overdo it. Using these dialects facilitates the connection between viewers and villagers.

The use of pronoun “hum” is retained in most of the scenes, irrespective of whether the speaker is literate or illiterate, the speaker just needs to hail from the village. It is more of a regional linguistic feature.  All of them speak in Hindi, some code-mixing it with English when they feel.

Sporadic use of English is also done, particularly when the protagonist is in the scene. He speaks in Hindi code-mixed with English, retains the use of pronoun “Main”, and resorts to English for his outbursts towards his subordinate officers.


A lot about the order of social hierarchy can also be understood by the different mode of addressals to the protagonist by different people. For eg. most of his subordinates refer to him as “Sir” and when they have to use a pronoun, they invariably use “Aap”. At the same time, the SP of the area calls him using his “name” and uses the pronoun “Tum”. Whereas, most of the villagers refer to him as “Saheb”. 


Whereas, the protagonist’s mode of addresal is also telling. He mostly addresses everyone using the pronoun “Aap ”. But when he gets angry, he switches to the pronoun “Tum” for addressing his subordinates, whereas the use of pronoun “Aap” is retained if he’s addressing a senior official. This clearly exemplifies the order of social hierarchy


In the movie, Hindi code-mixed with English feels natural when the protagonist or his superior officers use it. This also gets highlighted when he texts with his friend in the same language. Whereas, when his subordinate chimes in with similar language, it does not feel natural. It seems as if he is using English deliberately to make a good impression of himself. 


