The following observations have been made for a small police station in Delhi based on a web-series.

1) There is social hierarchy based on the post in the station.

2) Under normal circumstances, there is a difference in the behaviour between consecutive levels at lower level and two consecutive levels at higher level. What I want to say is that if someone directly under the Director General of Police, then he will be very polite and respectful while taking to the DGP and will not use any foul language like abuses. The DGP will show authoritativeness in the language. But we see examples that the sub inspectors talk to the head inspector in a very free manner. They remain respectful but use abuses a bit freely. The head inspector also talks freely and does not show much of the authoritativeness due to his post and is mostly friendly.

3) While talking to a person with higher authority, we tend to be polite, respectful, try not to sound arguing. One can also try to butter them up. And the person at higher level tries to be friendly as they spend a lot of time together (more at lower levels).

4) If emotions come into play, then people can forget about the hierarchy. One can be disrespectful with the people on higher levels if they are angry. And a boss can become rude even when he has good friendly relations with his employees out of emotions.

5) Mostly, unhappy bosses use sarcasm instead of scolding employees because sarcasm is lighter than scolding and scolding a lot can go against the purpose.

6) In the web series, that I chose and also in many real life situations, bosses call the employees by their last name (specifically in North India) and employees call their bosses by Sir/Sahab.

7) Among the people at same level, we see the use of first names.

8) At lower levels, the language can be code-mix of major and local variety. But in the higher levels, either the major dialect or English is used.

FINAL POINTS:
General norms - The subordinates addressed their bosses as Sahab/Sir and bosses addressed the subordinates by their last name
Respect - Ansari had respect for Haathi Ram and it was reflected in his tone, but Haathi Ram had no respect for his superior and spoke formally. After Haathi beat up the gangsters who were troubling Siddharth, he also developed respect for his father.
Emotions - When Haathi Ram felt that Ansari did not consider him as good friend as Haathi Ram considered him
Social Settings - Son disrespected him in house but in front of principal, he was respectful

