The daroga Mangni is very rude to him when he stops the bus on which Amit asks question and arrests. Says "Sawal hum karenge, tum jawab dega bas." "Arre 2 minute mein kayda kanoon ghused denge." "Yahin khade khade sab suit pant geela ho jayega."
Then when he comes to know that Amit his the new SP, he becomes suddenly becomes very polite and asks sorry, tries to put blame on his juniors "Bhaari mistake ho gaya sir. Ek dum blunder ho gaya". He even clung to Amit's feet
In the police station, Amit was giving motivation to the Darogas. Mangni was listening from outside. After the speech ended, he came inside => "Sir, humne aapka poora speech sun liya hai. Yahin bahare hi khade the sir. Humri aankhen khul gayin hain sir. Ab hum kabhi galat raste par nahi jayenge sir." But still when Amit does not forgive him, he becomes angry and => "Kaise likh den sir, Humra to haath hi kat jayega na sir. Last chance de dijiye sir. Baal bachche dua denge sir." Amit again rejects. Gets rude => "To likh dijiye sir. Apne hi haath se humri maut ka warrant likh dijiye. Backward jaat se hain isliye aaj aisa haal hai humra. Saala 3 lakh ka karja lekar ghoos diye the apne hi jaat ke mantri ko. Aaj tak chuka rahe hain sir. Aur yahan humra saathi log, corruption mein BA pass kar gaye. Daroga RK Singh ko dekhiye, 3 saal mein rangdaari ke share se 2 tula makan thok diye to khuchh nahi." This starts a fight.
In receiving hafta also, when the money is less, they start a fight.
DIG is very friendly in beggining and wants Amit to join them as they deal with the criminals.
Nonua says "Laal topi pareshan ho gaya" but in front sounds respectful.
When first time meets Saadhu Yadav, Yadav is very respectful as he has personal gain at interest. But Amit gives warning in a low tone. this angers him."Aarti lijiye Sp sahab. Bholababa ka mandir mein first time aaye hain aap. Aaj mahashivratri hai. Shradha se jo mangenge wo milega."
DSP Bhurelal always is respectful in front as he does not want to displease SP as he is eyes and ears for DIG and criminals.
Yadav talked very nicely with Bachcha Yadav as he was preparing him for future use. Due to this Bachcha was also very respectful. "Tu humra bachcha hai isliye tujhko mauka de rahe hain."
When captured Nonua, Minister was very happy and praised Amit and talked very nicely and gave medal."Isko kehte hain result. Dekha DIG sahab. Ye hai humara admi, aapne to nakli logon ko giraftar karake humko khabar kar diya. Humare afsar ne to asli daaku ko hi saaf kar diya."
DIG was not happy, although he sounded friendly in start, he said "Bhurelaal, pata karo. Yahan kal ka chhokra hero ban gya hai."
Yadav again tried to please Amit but Amit was very disciplined. He asked them to go from police station firmly on which Yadav also left his friendly manner.
When Amit comes to know that DSP tells everything to DIG, he became firm with the DSP although they talked to each other in a nice way till now.
Bachcha comes to know that Yadav considers him nothing as he overhears their converstaion. This changed his life and he turned honest. "Marne do saale ko. Humra hi paala hua kutta hai, akhir kis din kaam ayega."
Then he acts as if he wants to save them but takes Sundar to police station. He tells Yadav that he wants to save him just like he used to do earlier.
DIG also becomes strict with Amit when DIG's friends get threatened by him.
DIG goes to mother of kidnapped => "Namaste. Bas aapse poochhne chale aaye koi takleef to nahi aapko. Mil jayegi aapki beti. Apko thoda cooperate karna padega. Wo theek log nahi hain, Saadhu aur Sundar. Tum apna case wapas lelo, tumhari beti aa jayegi tumhare pass wapas." When she refuses => "To kya kr logi uska. Jis Amit Kumar SP ke bal par tum uchhal rahi ho, uska to transfer ho jayega, aur Sundar Yadav, aaj na kal uski zamanat honi hi hai. Fir? Beti to jaa chuki, ab beta bhi parvaan chadh jayega." This was in a rude way.
