This is a movie focusing on life of an honest policeman Amit Kumar, who gets transferred to a district where policemen are all corrupt. As the people are all corrupt and all of them want their own benefit, they doubt everyone and they have only relation for show off. Inside their heart, they don't fully trust anyone else.
Due to this, we see some different kind of factors that affect the way of speaking.

1) One of the biggest factor for many of the people in this film was their own benefit. These people included both, criminals as well as some policemen. When they feel that the person is of no use and is going to be a hurdle, then they become rude.
	A) For example, we see that Sadhu Yadav and Sundar Yadav (both criminals) are very friendly when talking with Daroga Bachcha Yadav, and treat him like family. But when Bachcha Yadav was not around, Sadhu called him "humara paala hua kutta". When Bachcha ditches them on hearing this and helps Amit to catch them both, they kill him.
	B) A criminal Nonua, when saw that SI RK Singh was coming in his car for discussing that how did DSP came to know about RK's cheating in the hafta, he called him a "Lal topi" and said that "Lal Topi pareshan ho gya hai.". But in front of RK, he talked in a very respectful manner.
	C) Similarly, the Sadhu was very polite and sounded friendly with Amit Kumar when he met him first time because he wanted Amit to come on his side. But Amit being an honest officer warned Sadhu as he had a feeling that Sadhu was hiding Nonua. On being rejected 2-3 times more, Sadhu also started talking in impolite manner as he knew that SP is not going to be helpful to him.
	D) Daroga Mangni when wanted to get his suspension cancelled came in after SP Amit gave a motivational speech in front of police offers to stop corruption. He acted like he was inspired and tried to butter Amit up hoping that his suspension gets cancelled. But when it did not happen, he started yelling alleging that this is happening because he belongs to a backward class. He also started listing out the wrong deeds of other police officers.
	E) The DIG again was very friendly with Amit in the beginning but as he found out that he is becoming hurdle, he started speaking in a rude way and also said to DSP "Ye kal ka chhokra hero ban gaya."
	F) The minister was very happy and praised AMit when he caught Nonua and also talked about giving him a medal. But when he arrested Sadhu's son Sundar, the minister became very angry as he himself was involved with the criminal and scolded Amit.
	G) DIG goes to mother of kidnapped girl to get her drop the case against Sundar. He started by very politely asking her health etc. Then told her to cooperate and take the case back. But on refusal, he became very rude and threatened her.

2) Despite of the above reason, we see that the even though they were corrupt, the police officers' language was formal and not rude with the honest SP Amit. The converse was not true as we see DGI scolded Amit for arresting Sundar even though he was a big criminal just because DGI got money from him. Still Amit was also formal with DGI and minister. Another example of the post => Mangni had set up a naka on the road which was causing trouble to the citizens. Amit, newly transferred was not known to him. So, when Amit asks Mangni the reason for the naka, Mangni threatened him that he will arrest him in a rude manner. But when he found that he is the new SP, he dropped to his knees and begged for mercy for behaving with him in that manner just because he did not know he was SP. The reason for begging mercy was not that what he did was wrong and should not be done with any citizen.
